we thought we had you captain under we
never thought that you'd break through
you want controller
I want asunder so now we're coming after
you
we should have known we were still
blowing - yeah you didn't burn down you
did that ever again stairs really
finally tomorrow don't know what you're
thinking but thank you accepting us if I
dad look out because we're going away
attack you better run
they gotta take it
more is knocking down hard
all right
run run run
now that you're here you worked in fire
destruction my heat never before come to
me run run run you better
you gotta prepare
we'll fight you guys one we have one run
run fix up my specs go to view and I'm
to kill you over a union I've gotten
together all my guild ease we're ready
for books no weekly
which are
I am too
Oh
run
oh nothing
come on run run